Resolves #2725 (#2837)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2012r2-ps/adfs/Remove-AdfsFarmNode.md

## DESCRIPTION
The **Remove-AdfsFarmNode** cmdlet is deprecated in this release.
Instead, use the [Uninstall-WindowsFeature](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=287572) cmdlet.

> For more information on the **Uninstall-WindowsFeature** cmdlet, type `Get-Help Uninstall-WindowsFeature`. However, this cmdlet removes only the server role but doesn't remove the node from the ADFS farm. For proper cleanup please use the **Set-AdfsFarmInformation** with the `-RemoveNode` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on the **Uninstall-WindowsFeature** cmdlet, type `Get-Help Uninstall-WindowsFeature`. However, this cmdlet removes only the server role but doesn't remove the node from the ADFS farm. For proper cleanup, use the **Set-AdfsFarmInformation** cmdlet with the `-RemoveNode` parameter.
```

> For more information on the **Uninstall-WindowsFeature** cmdlet, type `Get-Help Uninstall-WindowsFeature`. However, this cmdlet removes only the server role but doesn't remove the node from the ADFS farm. For proper cleanup, use the **Set-AdfsFarmInformation** cmdlet with the `-RemoveNode` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on the **Uninstall-WindowsFeature** cmdlet, type `Get-Help Uninstall-WindowsFeature`. Note that the **Uninstall-WindowsFeature** cmdlet removes only the server role but doesn't remove the node from the ADFS farm. For proper cleanup, use the **Set-AdfsFarmInformation** cmdlet with the `-RemoveNode` parameter.
```
